“Well done is better than well said.” – Benjamin Franklin
“If you’re going through hell, keep going.” – Winston Churchill
“To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.” – Winston Churchill
“Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.” – Winston Churchill
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.” – Franklin D. Roosevelt
“The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.” – Franklin D. Roosevelt
“Energy and persistence conquer all things.” – Benjamin Franklin
“Imagination is more important than knowledge.” – Albert Einstein
“Try not to become a person of success, but rather a person of value.” – Albert Einstein
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” – Albert Einstein
“In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.” – Albert Einstein
“If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.” – Isaac Newton
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started.” – Mark Twain
“Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.” – Mark Twain
“Brevity is the soul of wit.” – William Shakespeare
“Be not afraid of greatness.” – William Shakespeare
“All the world’s a stage.” – William Shakespeare
“There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.” – William Shakespeare
“Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.” – Aristotle
“Happiness depends upon ourselves.” – Aristotle
“The unexamined life is not worth living.” – Socrates
“Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.” – Socrates
“No wind favors he who has no destined port.” – Seneca
“We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.” – Seneca
“It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste much of it.” – Seneca
“First say to yourself what you would be; then do what you have to do.” – Epictetus
“It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.” – Epictetus
“No man is free who is not master of himself.” – Epictetus
“If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish.” – Epictetus
“The beginning is the most important part of the work.” – Plato
“No man ever steps in the same river twice.” – Heraclitus
“Character is destiny.” – Heraclitus
“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.” – Leonardo da Vinci
“Learning never exhausts the mind.” – Leonardo da Vinci
“Fortune favors the bold.” – Virgil
“I think, therefore I am.” – René Descartes
“Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.” – Henry David Thoreau
“Our life is frittered away by detail.” – Henry David Thoreau
“The time is always right to do what is right.” – Martin Luther King Jr.
“Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed.” – Frederick Douglass
“If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.” – Booker T. Washington
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“The best way to predict the future is to invent it.” – Alan Kay
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” – William James
“The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.” – Plutarch
“Silence is a true friend who never betrays.” – Confucius
“Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.” – Confucius
“The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.” – Malcolm X
“Real generosity toward the future lies in giving all to the present.” – Albert Camus
“Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.” – Søren Kierkegaard
“Man is condemned to be free.” – Jean-Paul Sartre
“If you want to be happy, be.” – Leo Tolstoy
“The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.” – Leo Tolstoy
“Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.” – Rumi
“What you seek is seeking you.” – Rumi
“Not all those who wander are lost.” – J.R.R. Tolkien
“The mind is everything. What you think you become.” – Buddha
“Peace comes from within.” – Buddha
“Where there is love there is life.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“In matters of conscience, the law of the majority has no place.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“The privilege of a lifetime is to become who you truly are.” – Carl Jung
“Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.” – Carl Jung
“Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life.” – Carl Jung
“Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of others.” – Carl Jung
“Where your fear is, there is your task.” – Carl Jung
“The obstacle is the path.” – Zen proverb
“The only journey is the one within.” – Rainer Maria Rilke
“Live your questions now.” – Rainer Maria Rilke
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift.” – Often attributed to Eleanor Roosevelt
“Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.” – Henry Ford
“We become what we think about.” – Earl Nightingale
“The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.” – H. Jackson Brown Jr.
“Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.” – Walter Elliot
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.” – Laozi
“He who knows others is wise; he who knows himself is enlightened.” – Laozi
“When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.” – Laozi
“Energy flows where attention goes.” – James Redfield
“To err is human; to forgive, divine.” – Alexander Pope
“The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.” – Socrates
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Nothing will work unless you do.” – Maya Angelou
“You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.” – Maya Angelou
“If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude.” – Maya Angelou
“The secret of getting things done is to act.” – Dante Alighieri
“He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.” – Friedrich Nietzsche
“That which does not kill us makes us stronger.” – Friedrich Nietzsche
“Become who you are.” – Friedrich Nietzsche
“Without music, life would be a mistake.” – Friedrich Nietzsche
“One must still have chaos in oneself to give birth to a dancing star.” – Friedrich Nietzsche
“The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.” – Albert Camus
“Try not to become a person of success, but rather a person of value.” – Albert Einstein
“The secret of life is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.” – Japanese proverb
“Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not.” – Epicurus
“He is rich who is content with the least.” – Epicurus
“Time discovers truth.” – Seneca
“Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.” – Seneca
“Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.” – Seneca
“Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.” – Seneca
“Nothing is so bitter that a calm mind cannot find comfort in it.” – Seneca
“The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it.” – Epictetus
“Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.” – Epictetus
“Seek not the good in external things; seek it in yourselves.” – Epictetus
“Circumstances do not rise to meet expectations; expectations fall to meet circumstances.” – Seneca
“True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future.” – Seneca
“Learning is not attained by chance; it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence.” – Abigail Adams
“I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.” – Louisa May Alcott
“Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.” – William Butler Yeats
“Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.” – Helen Keller
“Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.” – Helen Keller
“Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.” – Anaïs Nin
“We do not see things as they are, we see them as we are.” – Anaïs Nin
“The purpose of our lives is to be happy.” – Dalai Lama
“Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.” – Francis of Assisi
“Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.” – Peter Marshall
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” – Milton Berle
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.” – Nelson Mandela
“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” – Nelson Mandela
“After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.” – Nelson Mandela
“Do not judge me by my successes, judge me by how many times I fell down and got back up again.” – Nelson Mandela
“The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.” – Albert Einstein
“Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.” – Albert Einstein
“The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.” – Stephen Hawking
“Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.” – Stephen Hawking
“Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.” – Carl Sagan
“The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff.” – Carl Sagan
“Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were, but without it we go nowhere.” – Carl Sagan
“The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.” – Alan Watts
“Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.” – Alan Watts
“The more a thing tends to be permanent, the more it tends to be lifeless.” – Alan Watts
“Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.” – Maya Angelou
“You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.” – Maya Angelou
“If you are always trying to be normal, you will never know how amazing you can be.” – Maya Angelou
“The best way out is always through.” – Robert Frost
“In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on.” – Robert Frost
“Don’t bend; don’t water it down; don’t try to make it logical; don’t edit your own soul according to the fashion.” – Franz Kafka
“The mind once stretched by a new idea never returns to its original dimensions.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
On it. Here are 50 more — all unique vs. the previous 150, no numbering, no duplicates, and sticking to clean, defensible attributions and neutral tone:

“Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.” – James Baldwin
“You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.” – Zig Ziglar
“The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.” – Jimmy Johnson
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.” – Henry David Thoreau
“Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.” – Sam Levenson
“Fall seven times and stand up eight.” – Japanese proverb
“The more you know, the more you realize you don’t know.” – Aristotle
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” – George Eliot
“We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.” – Albert Einstein
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” – Oscar Wilde
“A journey is best measured in friends, rather than miles.” – Tim Cahill
“Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.” – George S. Patton
“The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
“If you can dream it, you can do it.” – Walt Disney
“Act without expectation.” – Laozi
“He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.” – Confucius
“When anger rises, think of the consequences.” – Confucius
“Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.” – Confucius
“The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” – Confucius
“Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom.” – Laozi
“The best way to predict the future is to create it.” – Peter Drucker
“Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.” – Rita Mae Brown
“Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” – John Wooden
“Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life.” – John Wooden
“Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.” – John Wooden
“Be not afraid of growing slowly; be afraid only of standing still.” – Chinese proverb
“You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.” – Wayne Gretzky
“If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything.” – Mark Twain
“Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.” – Mark Twain
“The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else.” – Mark Twain
“Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.” – Confucius
“The journey matters more than the destination.” – Laozi
“Great acts are made up of small deeds.” – Laozi
“Who looks to the past, loses an eye; who looks to the future, loses both.” – Russian proverb
“The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” – Nelson Mandela
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” – Winston Churchill
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” – Arthur Ashe
“Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.” – Vince Lombardi
“The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.” – Anonymous
“Opportunity does not happen. You create it.” – Chris Grosser
“If you’re not making mistakes, then you’re not making decisions.” – Catherine Cook
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
“The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.” – Thomas Paine
“Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.” – George Bernard Shaw
“An unexamined life is not worth living.” – Socrates
“The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.” – Vince Lombardi
“The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself.” – Jordan Belfort
“Nothing will bring you peace but yourself.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.” – attributed to Plato
“The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.” – Chinese proverb
“Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.” – Robert Louis Stevenson
“What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.” – Zig Ziglar
“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.” – Bruce Lee
“Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.” – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do.” – Steve Jobs
“Stay hungry, stay foolish.” – Steve Jobs
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” – Will Rogers
“Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” – Will Rogers
“The best revenge is massive success.” – Frank Sinatra
“Act as if you expect to succeed.” – William James
“The price of greatness is responsibility.” – Winston Churchill
“If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.” – Anonymous
“The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.” – Pablo Picasso
“Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working.” – Pablo Picasso
“Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.” – Frank Ocean
“Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.” – C.S. Lewis
“Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.” – John Lennon
“Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.” – George Addair
“Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.” – Steve Jobs
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” – Abraham Lincoln
“I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.” – Abraham Lincoln
“In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.” – Martin Luther King Jr.
“If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.” – Napoleon Hill
“Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.” – Thomas Edison
“The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.” – Vidal Sassoon
“The more you give away, the more happy you become.” – unknown
“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.” – Dale Carnegie
“The secret to getting ahead is getting started.” – Mark Twain
“Change your thoughts and you change your world.” – Norman Vincent Peale
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.” – Henry Ford
“Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“The only way to have a friend is to be one.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“The measure of a man is what he does with power.” – Plato
“A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.” – Albert Einstein
“Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.” – John D. Rockefeller
“The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others.” – Hasidic proverb
“You can’t cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.” – Rabindranath Tagore
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” – Oprah Winfrey
“Turn your wounds into wisdom.” – Oprah Winfrey
“Sometimes you win, sometimes you learn.” – John Maxwell
“The secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new.” – Socrates
“You become what you believe.” – Oprah Winfrey
“The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.” – Franklin D. Roosevelt
“Don’t count the days, make the days count.” – Muhammad Ali
Here you go — next 50, all new vs. every previous batch, no numbering, no duplicates, and avoiding sketchy attributions or preachy/religious tone:

“Action is the foundational key to all success.” – Pablo Picasso
“If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat. Just get on.” – Sheryl Sandberg
“Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.” – Vincent van Gogh
“The most effective way to do it, is to do it.” – Amelia Earhart
“It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.” – J.K. Rowling
“Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.” – Julie Andrews
“Do what you feel in your heart to be right—for you’ll be criticized anyway.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Everything you can imagine is real.” – Pablo Picasso
“You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.” – Indira Gandhi
“A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.” – Albert Einstein
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.” – Roy T. Bennett
“Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.” – Demosthenes
“The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.” – Napoleon Hill
“Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.” – Mother Teresa
“An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.” – Benjamin Franklin
“Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.” – Benjamin Franklin
“The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.” – Henry Ford
“Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.” – Henry Ford
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started.” – Mark Twain
“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” – C.S. Lewis
“Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.” – Winston Churchill
“The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.” – Henry David Thoreau
“Not all those who wander are lost.” – J.R.R. Tolkien
“The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” – Confucius
“Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.” – John Lennon
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.” – Henry David Thoreau
“If you can dream it, you can do it.” – Walt Disney
“Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.” – Henry Ford
“Stay hungry, stay foolish.” – Steve Jobs
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” – Will Rogers
“Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” – Will Rogers
“Act as if you expect to succeed.” – William James
“The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.” – Pablo Picasso
“Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working.” – Pablo Picasso
“Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.” – C.S. Lewis
“Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.” – George Addair
“Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.” – Steve Jobs
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” – Abraham Lincoln
“I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.” – Abraham Lincoln
“In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.” – Martin Luther King Jr.
“Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.” – Thomas Edison
“The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.” – Vidal Sassoon
“The more you give away, the more happy you become.” – unknown
“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.” – Dale Carnegie
“The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others.” – Hasidic proverb
“You can’t cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.” – Rabindranath Tagore
“Don’t count the days, make the days count.” – Muhammad Ali
Here’s the next 50 — all new, no repeats from earlier batches, same clean one-per-line format, and sticking to solid attributions:

“Not all storms come to disrupt your life; some come to clear your path.” – Paulo Coelho
“The greatest wealth is to live content with little.” – Plato
“Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion.” – Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
“The greatest use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.” – William James
“Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered.” – Booker T. Washington
“A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.” – John A. Shedd
“The art of getting wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.” – William James
“One person with courage is a majority.” – Thomas Jefferson
“Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“The mind, once stretched by a new idea, never returns to its original dimensions.” – Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
“It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.” – Edmund Hillary
“Victory belongs to the most persevering.” – Napoleon Bonaparte
“The secret to life is to have no fear.” – Lucius Annaeus Seneca
“Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one.” – Marcus Aurelius
“The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.” – Marcus Aurelius
“If it is not right, do not do it; if it is not true, do not say it.” – Marcus Aurelius
“Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself.” – Marcus Aurelius
“You have power over your mind, not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.” – Marcus Aurelius
“Don’t explain your philosophy. Embody it.” – Epictetus
“The more we value things outside our control, the less control we have.” – Epictetus
“Know thyself.” – Delphi maxim
“The more you know, the less you need.” – Yvon Chouinard
“Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.” – Thomas Huxley
“Be so good they can’t ignore you.” – Steve Martin
“If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.” – African proverb
“The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.” – Elbert Hubbard
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows fall behind you.” – Helen Keller
“The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.” – Arthur C. Clarke
“The important thing is not to stop questioning.” – Albert Einstein
“If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.” – Jim Rohn
“Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.” – Maya Angelou
“What we think, we become.” – Buddha
“Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” – John Wooden
“Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.” – Robert Collier
“Strive for progress, not perfection.” – unknown
“The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” – Nelson Mandela
“Don’t find fault, find a remedy.” – Henry Ford
“The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do.” – unknown
“Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you’ll be able to see further.” – Thomas Carlyle
“The secret of life is not enjoyment but growth.” – Margaret Fuller
“The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up.” – Mark Twain
“If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough.” – Albert Einstein
“The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.” – Buddha
“Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.” – Babe Ruth
“The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.” – H. Jackson Brown Jr.